添加多人对战文档 (#641)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/multiplayer/client-engine/client-engine.mdx

---
title: Client Engine Overview
sidebar_label: Overview
sidebar_position: 1
---

:::info

> **Before reading this document, please read [Multiplayer Service Features](/sdk/multiplayer/features/) and [MasterClient](/sdk/multiplayer/guide/js/#masterclient) to understand the infrastructure of Multiplayer development. **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Before reading this document, please read [Multiplayer Service Features](/sdk/multiplayer/features/) and [MasterClient](/sdk/multiplayer/guide/js/#masterclient) to understand the architecture you can use for your game when developing features with Multiplayer.**
```

:::

> ## Client Engine What problem is solved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The problem solved by Client Engine
```
